1# 
A Unit Test is a code written by any programmer which test small pieces of functionality of big programs. 
Performing unit tests is always designed to be simple, A "UNIT" in this sense is the smallest component 
of the large code part that makes sense to test, mainly a method out of many methods of some class.
Generally the tests cases are written in the form of functions that will evaluate and determine whether a returned value
 after performing Unit Test is equals to the value you were expecting when you wrote the function. 

reliable banata hai
maintenance achi krtaa hai
reusablel ban jata haai code
big program k boht sare methods main se method le kr test kia jataa haai



2#  
C# Exception Handling Keywords In C#, we use 4 keywords to perform exception handling:

try
catch
finally, and
throw

Exception Handling in C# is a process to handle runtime errors. We perform exception handling so that normal flow of the application can be maintained even after runtime errors.

In C#, exception is an event or object which is thrown at runtime. All exceptions the derived from System.Exception class. 
It is a runtime error which can be handled. If we don't handle the exception, it prints exception message and terminates the program.

Advantage
It maintains the normal flow of the application. In such case, rest of the code is executed event after exception.

3#
Software maintenance is the process of changing, modifying, and updating software to keep up with customer needs. 

Software  testing is the process of checking that the current output matching with expecteed output or not.

4#
 Software Configuration Management(SCM) is a process to systematically manage, organize, 
and control the changes in the documents, codes, and other entities during the Software Development Life Cycle.

5#
github
GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.
Create and use a repository
Start and manage a new branch
Make changes to a file and push them to GitHub as commits
Open and merge a pull reques
 repository is usually used to organize a single project. Repositories can contain folders and files, images, videos, spreadsheets, and data sets -- anything your project needs. 

6#
gitbash
A shell is a terminal application used to interface with an operating system through written commands.Git Bash is an application for Microsoft Windows environments which provides an emulation 
layer for a Git command line experience. 